well howdy there and I know the people
let's bow again hashtag this is virtue
not like the brazen giant of Greek fame
with conquering limbs astride from land
to land here at our sunset sea-washed
gate shall stand a mighty woman with a
torch whose flame is the imprisoned
lightning and her name mother of exhales
from her beacon hand closed world wide
welcome her mild eyes command air bridge
harbor the Twin Cities frame keep
ancient lands and storied pop Christ she
was silent lips give me your tired your
poor your huddled masses yearning to
breathe free the wretched refuse of your
teeming Shores send these the homeless
the tempest tossed to me I lift my lamp
beside the Golden Door this sonnet in
the statue that it's on well they're
really for America's ghost riders
they're for the people that did all of
the work and got none of the credit
they're not really mentioned in the
history books but my question is when
that next batch of history books is
written 20 years or 40 years from now
and your kids or grandkids ask you what
you did in this era what are you gonna
tell them
are you gonna tell them that you used
your voice you spoke out against
policies that were not even fully
enacted yet are leading to toddlers face
down in rivers or covered in their own
bodily fluids in camps families getting
ripped apart gestapo-like raids sexual
abuse and those camps are you gonna be
able to tell them that or are you gonna
tell them
well would've but I was too busy arguing
over the finer points and the nuances of
the definition of the word concentration
camp
so this is the this is virtue challenge
you take this on it new Colossus and you
recite it put it on your social media if
you can and you're a creative person do
something creative with it the idea is
to remind people what American virtues
are what they're supposed to be what
they were promised - they were so you
put it on your social media hashtag it
this is virtue I personally think you
should do it but it's just a thought you
guys don't have a good night